README.md, before:

# genshin.py

[![Downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/genshin)](https://pepy.tech/project/genshin)
[![PyPI package](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/genshin)](https://pypi.org/project/genshin/)
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/thesadru/genshin.py)](https://github.com/thesadru/genshin.py/commits/master)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/coverage/thesadru/genshin.py)](https://codeclimate.com/github/thesadru/genshin.py)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/570841314200125460?color=7289DA)](https://discord.gg/sMkSKRPuCR)

Modern API wrapper for HoYoLAB & Miyoushe(米游社) API built on asyncio and pydantic.

---

Documentation: <https://thesadru.github.io/genshin.py>

API Reference: <https://thesadru.github.io/genshin.py/pdoc/genshin>

Source Code: <https://github.com/thesadru/genshin.py>

---

The primary focus of genshin.py is convenience. The entire project is fully type-hinted and abstracts a large amount of the api to be easier to use.

Key features:

- All data is in the form of Pydantic Models which means full autocompletion and linter support.
- Requests are significantly faster thanks to proper usage of asyncio.
- Chinese and English names returned by the API are renamed to simpler English fields.
- Supports the majority of the popular endpoints.
- Cleanly integrates with frameworks like FastAPI out of the box.

> Note: This library is a successor to [genshinstats](https://github.com/thesadru/genshinstats) - an unofficial wrapper for the Genshin Impact api.

## Requirements

- Python 3.9+
- aiohttp 3.0+
- Pydantic 2.0+
- tenacity 9.0+

```console
pip install genshin
```

## Example

A very simple example of how genshin.py would be used:

```py
import asyncio
import genshin

async def main():
    cookies = {"ltuid": 119480035, "ltoken": "cnF7TiZqHAAvYqgCBoSPx5EjwezOh1ZHoqSHf7dT"}
    client = genshin.Client(cookies)

    data = await client.get_genshin_user(710785423)
    print(f"User has a total of {data.stats.characters} characters")

asyncio.run(main())
```

## Contributing

Any kind of contribution is welcome.
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to see what you need to do to make a contribution.

Commit message:

docs: Add dev version install instructions to README

README.md, after:

# genshin.py

[![Downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/genshin)](https://pepy.tech/project/genshin)
[![PyPI package](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/genshin)](https://pypi.org/project/genshin/)
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/thesadru/genshin.py)](https://github.com/thesadru/genshin.py/commits/master)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/coverage/thesadru/genshin.py)](https://codeclimate.com/github/thesadru/genshin.py)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/570841314200125460?color=7289DA)](https://discord.gg/sMkSKRPuCR)

Modern API wrapper for HoYoLAB & Miyoushe(米游社) API built on asyncio and pydantic.

---

Documentation: <https://thesadru.github.io/genshin.py>

API Reference: <https://thesadru.github.io/genshin.py/pdoc/genshin>

Source Code: <https://github.com/thesadru/genshin.py>

---

The primary focus of genshin.py is convenience. The entire project is fully type-hinted and abstracts a large amount of the api to be easier to use.

Key features:

- All data is in the form of Pydantic Models which means full autocompletion and linter support.
- Requests are significantly faster thanks to proper usage of asyncio.
- Chinese and English names returned by the API are renamed to simpler English fields.
- Supports the majority of the popular endpoints.
- Cleanly integrates with frameworks like FastAPI out of the box.

> Note: This library is a successor to [genshinstats](https://github.com/thesadru/genshinstats) - an unofficial wrapper for the Genshin Impact api.

## Requirements

- Python 3.9+
- aiohttp 3.0+
- Pydantic 2.0+
- tenacity 9.0+

## Installation

To install the stable version:

```console
pip install genshin
```

You can also install the latest development version from GitHub:

```console
pip install git+https://github.com/thesadru/genshin.py
```

A new release is made every 2 weeks.

## Example

A very simple example of how genshin.py would be used:

```py
import asyncio
import genshin

async def main():
    cookies = {"ltuid": 119480035, "ltoken": "cnF7TiZqHAAvYqgCBoSPx5EjwezOh1ZHoqSHf7dT"}
    client = genshin.Client(cookies)

    data = await client.get_genshin_user(710785423)
    print(f"User has a total of {data.stats.characters} characters")

asyncio.run(main())
```

## Contributing

Any kind of contribution is welcome.
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to see what you need to do to make a contribution.
